so it is Saturday I'm here in San Jose
to go freakin skydiving I'm insanely
nervous beautiful beautiful day
I mean it's California though classic
California just waiting for the guy to
come meet me trying to trying to stay
cool I'm so nervous
so I'm here with Andy hi guys he's the
dude from San Jose skydiving and we're
trying to figure out how I get the 360
camera like I don't know if it'll work
but we're trying to figure out like a
mount or something to where it's safe to
film falling out of plane in 360 so
we'll see we will see is that could you
just open up yeah ya know maybe we're
done we've got some crazy lady with some
crazy camera out here trying to do some
stuff so all right my man the whole
reason why I even thought about
skydiving was because of this I'd be
like oh how cool would it be if F 360
video of skydiving but we were just
trying to figure out how to mount it to
the helmet and luckily I got this mount
off of one of the other accessories and
it just goes right into one of these
GoPro mounts so it's going to be on the
guy's helmet
are you coming up I'm coming up yes
just one fall Wow bounce for miles -
miles so getting on a plane falling for
almost two miles huh
sounds like a Saturday well-spent to me
leaving this camera here I'll have some
GoPro footage but gonna see how this how
this goes 360
well I don't know if I wear sandals all
right Andy it was a pleasure thank you
it was so much fun keep killing here
that's the poor choice of words keep
smiling keep doing your day keep your
knees in the breeze yep keep your knees
in the breeze it's fun hi guys hey guys
editing Sarah here I just realized I
didn't end yesterday's vlog I'm now in
LA for VidCon super excited for that
later in the week but I had so much fun
skydiving if you're ever in the San Jose
or San Francisco area go say hi to my
friends at San Jose skydiving they were
so wonderful and like kept up with me
being annoying about this 360 camera
they're not paying me to say those do
just fabulous people so go go hang out
with them if you want to jump out of a
plane I hope you enjoyed it and I will
see you guys in the next one a lot of
exciting vlogs coming up this week as
Mura California
adventures continue so yeah you have a
great one
stay peachy bags yeah it really makes
your videos go from just okay to awesome
all this in the same app with once
created pub membership it's so cool not
only that